Okay so we are getting to the final section
of this course to prepare for your examination.
But first I want to give you a quick note about distractors.
So you will find many services in the answers
of the questions in the exam that we haven't seen yet
in this course and they are called distractors.
To be fair there are over 200 AWS services out there,
and I cannot cover them all in this course,
you will be overloaded
and it will not make any sense to you.
So for example these services can be Quicksight, Cognito,
AppStreams, Server Migration Service, et cetera, et cetera.
In my opinion and as a teacher,
it's my due diligence to make sure that I have covered
all the services that from my research and experience
you will get questions on at the exam.
Now you can go out there and practice.
And if you see a service not covered by my course,
but in someone else's practice exam,
it's not my responsibility, in my opinion
that service should not be in the exam
and it should not be in a practice exam,
so I intentionally left it out, but don't panic okay?
This is normal you will find questions that will mention
services that you've never seen before.
But again, they're distractors they should never be
the right answer.
So try to focus on the service that I've talked to you
in this course, which are more than 40 services anyway,
and people don't worry, pass the exam with flying colors
with my course.
Now, if you actually do see a service that is an answer
at the exam and you're certain of that,
but I did not cover in my course, please let me know
I will of course update the course,
and am not aiming for you to get 700 out of 1,000,
am aiming for you to have over 900 out of 1,000
for the exam.
So even if one question is not covered by my course,
you will be fine for passing your exam,
you will let me know and then I will adapt the course.
This is it.
So this was a quick note on the distractors.
I will see you in the next lecture to see where we are.